Thor Bjönson has just done it again.
>> Iceland 510
kg,
ladies and gentlemen.
>> On September 6th, 2025, he deadlifted
510 kg, breaking his own world record
and becoming the first man in history to
pull over half a ton, not once, not
twice, but three times. And the way that
he did it is what makes this so
unbelievable. He didn't just edge it up.
He lifted it with ease under
circumstances that should have made this
lift impossible. That's why today I'm
making the case for Thor Bjönson as the
strongest man in history. But before we
do that, I want to give you the full
context of the 510 kg deadlift and what
went into it. Just 6 weeks earlier, Thor
had already set the world record with
505 in Germany. The immediate question
was whether he could peak again so soon.
Most people said no. Why? Because the
science of performance says that humans
can't hold a peak for 6 weeks straight.
Once you hit a peak, the body begins to
d-train. You also can't hit another true
peak in such a short time frame. The
recovery debt and the physiological
stress are too high. And there was
another reason why people doubted him.
The way the 505 looked to most people,
it looked like Thor was at his absolute
limit. So the idea that he could somehow
recover and push even further in just 6
weeks seemed impossible. But the truth
is the 505 didn't look slow because Thor
was at his ceiling. It looked slow
because of the conditions. Eisenhart
used a carpeted surface on their
deadlift platform instead of the hard
platform used in most strongman
competitions. Thor's deadlifting style,
the roll-in technique used by many
strong men. Doesn't work on carpet. On
his first attempt, the bar caught. Even
though that first attempt was light
enough to not matter, it forced him to
change his technique on the fly for the
rest of the competition to make sure
that the bar didn't catch again. That
change in his technique slowed him down.
It wasn't fatigue. It wasn't his
ceiling. It was the surface. I said it
at the time, and here's the clip. If
he'd been able to use his full
technique, that lift would have looked
like a warm-up. And in 6 weeks, Thor
will have that chance. He's going for
510 kg to break his own world record
again. this time at Giants Live World
Deadlift Championship using a platform
that he's used to with the technique
that he's practiced for years. And if
everything goes to plan, if he peaks
well, the surface is clean, and the
setup is familiar, that 510 kg is going
to look easier than that 505. And I hate
to say I told you so, but that's exactly
what happened. 6 weeks later, on a
proper deadlifting platform, 510 moved
like a warm-up. Two weeks after the 505,
Thor competed at Iceland's Strongest
Man. Normally, Iceland's Strongest Man
is a little bit harder than a training
weekend for him. He's dominated for over
a decade, but this time was slightly
different. He invited international
guests, including Patty Haynes, a recent
top five finisher at World's Strongest
Man. Patty pushed him harder than usual,
and Thor had to fight hard to keep that
title for the 12th year. That was a full
2-day competition right in the middle of
his buildup for the 510 kg deadlift.
From a programming standpoint, it was
the worst possible thing that you could
do before another world record attempt.
Yet, he still came back stronger.
September was the real stage. Giants
live, the world deadlift championship.
This was where Thor would attempt 510
kg, a number no human in history had
ever come close to. But it wasn't just
the deadlift. Giants live is the full
strongman show with five total events
stacked into the same night. My advice
to Thor was not to do it. I wanted him
to put everything into the deadlift.
That lift alone was big enough. It
needed full attention, full recovery,
full focus. But Thor's response was
different. He told me that he wanted to
do it because he knew that he could win.
And although I also knew he could win, I
knew how much harder it would make
everything. Training for 510 was already
at the absolute limit of what's
possible. Adding the rest of the events
on top of it was in my eyes a nightmare
to program and train for. But Thor
wasn't trying to show the world what was
possible for the deadlift alone. He
wanted to show something bigger. That he
could break the all-time world record
and still have the strength left to win
an entire strongman competition in the
same night. And that's exactly what he
did. He pulled 510 kg like it was a
warm-up. Then 15 minutes later went
straight into the farmer's carries. He
followed that with a sandbag medley,
hammer hold, Viking press, and power
stairs. And he didn't just participate,
he won the whole show. That's why this
performance stands out. It wasn't just a
deadlift, it was a statement. Thor
showed the world that he could lift more
weight than any human in history and
still dominate a full strongman
competition on the same night. And
that's why I call it the single greatest
performance in strength history. To
understand the weight of the story, we
have to go back to 2020 when Thor first
pulled 501 kg. This was during co. It
was an official world record breaker
event sanctioned by world's ultimate
strongman judged by one of the most
respected strongman judges in the world,
Magnus the Magnuson, and televised live
on ESPN. It was the most watched
strongman event in history, but
immediately became one of the most
controversial. Critics said that Thor
shouldn't have been allowed to use his
own bar plates and platform even though
it was fine for Eddie Hall
>> with the 500 kilo deadlift. One of my
conditions was I took my platform with
me from the gym. So I already had the
bar. I was training with a Leo plates
and I actually lifted my platform up,
put it in a vine, drove it up there and
set it up so that the 500 kilo deadlift
was done on the platform that I trained
with.
>> Nobody questioned it when Eddie did it.
Yet, for some reason, it became one of
the main reasons why Thor's 501 was
discredited by so many people. Another
criticism was that Thor's father weighed
the plates. And yes, he did. But he
weighed them live on calibrated digital
scales in front of judges and
broadcasted to the world. It's the only
time in Strongman history I've ever seen
plates weighed before a record lift.
Still, people claimed the scales were
tampered with or the plates were fake.
The backlash became part of the Eddie
Hall rivalry, which eventually moved
into the boxing ring. In 2022, Thor
dropped more than 50 kg from 205 down to
150 kg to take the fight. He
convincingly won, but the cost to his
size and strength was massive. Add in a
complete pec rupture not long after,
and most people thought Thor's days as
the strongest man alive were over. Fast
forward to 2025, and the story flipped
completely. The 505 in July validated
the 501. The 510 in September silenced
the critics once and for all.
After the 505, Thor was in a fatigue
state. 2 weeks later, Iceland's
Strongest Man added even more fatigue.
And in the leadup to Giants Live, he
didn't just prepare for one single lift.
He had to train for the entire Strongman
show with five big events. And on the
day of 510, it was clear that he had
more. Many people believe, and I
absolutely agree, that if 530 had been
loaded on that bar, it would have come
up. So, what actually defines the
strongest man of all time? If we're
talking about best competitor in
strongman history, then it's hard to
argue against Zadrunus Ziscus. His
career is the most decorated and his
record on competition stage is
unmatched. But that's not the discussion
here. This is about one question. Who's
the strongest man in history? And based
on that discussion, it's clear that the
title belongs to Haftd Bjönson. He holds
129 world records, more than any other
strength athlete in history. Second
place is Zaviscus with around 75. Thor
hasn't just edged past the great, he's
doubled them. And with this debate lies
a bigger question. Why does the deadlift
matter so much? Olympic lifts like
clean, jerk, or snatch are highly
technical. Not everyone trains them. Not
everyone can perform them. Squats and
bench presss are also great lifts, but
the deadlift is different. It's the most
primal test of strength there is.
Bending down and picking up the heaviest
weight from the floor. Of all the lifts
in strength sports, the deadlift is the
purest and most universal measure of raw
strength.
>> In my eyes, in my mind, pulling that 500
kilo would would have made me the
strongest man in history ever.
>> But Thor isn't just the best deadlifter.
At his peak, he was also one of the most
well-rounded strength athletes of all
time. He dominated the Atlas Stones,
holding the most world records in
history. He holds every record in weight
over height. His squat, 460 kg, is
heavier than any of the other top
world's strongest man champions in
history. He even totaled,00 kg in a
powerlifting competition with just 6
weeks of prep. A mark that stands equal
first with Bill Casmier for the greatest
powerlifting total ever achieved by a
strongman. Impressing events,
particularly in 2018 at his peak
strength. He finished either first or
second in every single pressing event in
major competitions. And when it came to
the signature events of strongman,
medley's, power stairs, and truck pools,
Thor was the man to beat. So, not only
does he hold the record of the most
primal lift of all, but he also proved
himself across the board as one of the
most complete strength athletes in
history. So, what's next for Thor?
>> Honestly, the sky is the limit.
[Applause]
This felt extremely comfortable, guys.
And I believe I could take this record
to 550. What do you guys think?
>> And I agree. If he hadn't stepped away
after 501, if he hadn't cut down 50 kg
for boxing, if he hadn't battled back
from a torn pec, that number might
already be in the books. But despite all
those detours, he's back on top. He
pulled 510 like it was nothing. And he
did it in the middle of one of the most
dominant single day performances the
sport has ever seen. The story isn't
finished. We haven't seen his limit yet.
And if anyone is going to show us what
is truly possible for the human body,
it's half bianome.